Installs IDE expert which assists to insert JCL Debug
information into executable files. This can be useful when use
source location routines from JclDebug unit. These routines
needs some kind of special information to be able to provide
source location for given address in the process.
Currently there are four options to get it work:

1. Generate and deploy MAP file with your executable file. The
   file is generated by the linker. It needs to be set in
   Project|Options dialog->Linker page, Detailed checkbox.

2. Generate and deploy JDBG file file with your executable
   file. This is binary file based on MAP file but its size is
   typically about 12% of original MAP file. You can generate
   it by MapToJdbg tool in jcl\examples\vcl\debugextension\tools 
   folder. The advantage over MAP file is smaller size and better 
   security of the file content because it is not a plain text 
   file and it also contains a checksum.

3. Generate Borland TD32 debug symbols. These symbols are
   stored directly in the executable file but usually adds
   several megabytes so the file is very large. The advantage
   is you don't have to deploy any other file and it is easy
   to generate it by checking Include TD32 debug info in
   Linker option page.

4. Insert JCL Debug info into executable file by the IDE
   expert. The size of added data is similar to JDBG file but
   it will be inserted directly into the executable file. This
   is probably best option because it combines small size of
   included data and no requirement of deploying additional
   files.
   In case you use this option you need install the
   JclDebugIde expert.

The IDE expert will add new item to IDE Project menu.
It adds 'Insert JCL Debug data' check item at the end
of the Project menu. When the item is checked, everytime
the project is compiled by one of following commands:
Compile, Build, Compile All Projects, Build All Projects
or Run necessary JCL debug data are automatically
inserted into the executable. Moreover, for Build and
Build All commands dialog with detailed information of
size of these data will be displayed.

You can generate those debug data for packages and
libraries as well using the expert. Each executable file
in the project can use different option from those
listed above. It is not necessary to generate any debug
data for Borland runtime packages because the source
location code can use names of exported functions to get
procedure or method name. To get line number information
for Borland RTL and VCL units you have to check Use
Debug DCUs checkbox in Project|Options dialog -> Compiler tab.
Unfortunately it is not possible to get line number
information for Borland runtime packages because Borland
does not provide detailed MAP files for them so you get
procedure or method name only.

In case you have more than one data source for an executable
file by an accident the best one is chosen in following order:

1. JCL Debug data in the executable file
2. JDBG file
3. Borland TD32 symbols
4. MAP file
5. Library or Borland package exports

It is also possible to insert JCL debug data programmatically
to the executable file by using MakeJclDbg command line tool
in jcl\examples\tools folder. You can study included makefiles
which uses this tool for building DelphiTools examples.

Short description of getting the JclDebug functionality
in your project:

1. Close all running instances of Delphi
2. Install JCL and IDE experts by the JCL Installer
3. Run Delphi IDE and open your project
4. Remove any TApplication.OnException handlers from
   your project (if any).
5. Add new Exception Dialog by selecting
   File | New | Other ...  | Dialogs tab,
   Select 'Exception Dialog' or
  'Exception Dialog with Send' icon, Click OK button,
   Save the form (use ExceptionDialog.pas name, for
   example)
6. Check Project | Insert JCL Debug data menu item
7. Do Project | Build


