Six essential strategies to achieve a film-like aesthetic in your images and an editing breakdown from start to finish to keep developing your style! With @harrysohalphoto / “What inspires me most in photography is finding beauty in unexpected places. I’ve learned beauty isn’t about perfection but authenticity and raw emotion. By focusing on composition, color, and lighting, each image becomes more than a picture - it’s part of a larger story: 

1) My workflow begins with envisioning the concept and gathering inspiration. I create mood boards on Pinterest and let the ideas marinate for a few days. 

2) Once the concept is finalized, I seek models who can bring my vision to life. Then, I try to capture the perfect light and mood, usually resulting in about 70-80 carefully crafted shots. I start the culling process immediately to keep the concept fresh.

3) For editing, I adjust the colors to match the desired vibe and refine the image with detailed touch-ups and masking techniques - you can find an example from start to finish in this carousel. 

4) The tone curve is my favorite tool to achieve a film-like aesthetic. It’s essential for fine-tuning contrast and tonal range. In addition, I like the dehaze slider to balance highlights and shadows, and the grain and noise tools help me add texture, creating that classic film look that gives photos a tactile, organic feel. 

5) Warm tones, like oranges and yellows, are integral to my style, evoking a sense of warmth, nostalgia, and vibrancy. I often shoot during golden hour, which naturally provides these colors, and in post-processing, I enhance them to emphasize the inherent warmth and depth in my images.

6) My last advice to aspiring photographers is to practice consistently. Immerse yourself, edit the same image differently, and learn from each experience. 

The more you experiment, the more you develop your unique style and ability to capture stunning images. Remember, the key to compelling photography is not just in the perfect shot but in the emotion, authenticity, and story it tells!” You can read the original article with @harrysohalphoto by visiting the link in our bio!
